In the last edition of the sea expo several topics of interest were presented
for producers
one of them was related to the production of sugarcane in the
that there is a concern about the low average yields that have
currently our country
the engineer take a measure of the direction of agrarian extension
He made some practical guidelines for producers
In order to improve these yield averages we are going to develop this
material
sugarcane is a hard one that has its economic and social importance of
our country
Among its main applications are those of industrial form that
sugar is the threat and fuel alcohol
and in an artisanal way, the must cube and the honey
It is also widely used as fodder for animals
For a good production in sugarcane cultivation it is important to follow
the right recommendations
according to the theater representative
The first thing to do is an analysis to know the requirements
of our soil
in the conventional way I have recommended the use of each click or that of
our half uca canes in crops
steven and perennial
we need
rondos three applications cd agricultural lime
there can be done
percent is doing acts of the whole plot today after having
prepared thefts
that of application located in that case are used smaller
quantities and it is recommended three thousand kilos one can use one thousand 500 kilos
localized application
and 1500 kilo what is missing after the first harvest
it is important to make a good selection of terrain
and adequate soil preparation
The recommended grounds are only the deep ones and with a low level of slope
then comes the furrow, which consists of opening furrows of 25 to 30 centimeters
depth etc the recommended distance is from one point 30 to one like 70 meters
as for those few plantation
It is recommended from February to March for early varieties and from August to
September
for medium or late varieties, the amount of seeds to be used is 10
at 15 tons per hectare
the secret of sugarcane
age
of the plant will be reused plant cane
have 9 ados in bs
d age
palm
plantation
after they have the cuts that can be cast
two ways
stretching in the groove
but this way I walk in the form from one hundred percent the base
from stone bridge
I walk what on the tips and returning brings each train full
that's what the plantation parties
the covered one has to do five centimeters stage
when we have some
to a normal environment
but when the dt pope drought has to try to cover up to 10
centimeters
what is the most
the sugar cane begins to sprout from 8 to 22 days
depending on the temperature it needs 20 to 32 degrees to rotate and a
average rainfall of 1200 to 1,500 millimeters per year being the time of
growth from December to March the one with the highest requirement, then come the
cultural care that this plantation requires
if done in a way
it is conventional you have to do this activity fertilizer application
it is again applied fertilizers generally
when not 11 acesur harvest anything in the she-wolf bonus that starting it with organic can
to be using it is cow time
as a compost or you can also use 1 - betis
in different doses
the main problems that these crops go through
the main problem we have in low performance
that when not
the technical recommendations
for the Texan using varieties
not adequate
not respecting in the entity
in when it's pipe plant is when we started doing
low performance
we also depend on the environment the amount of rain that must have
the german shepherd
older we do not have because the cultivation
resists a poor person quite well
but the handling itself
choice of varieties
Regarding the plantation season and the pubs
the travel representative empathized
on the importance of opting for varieties that have good potential for
yield for producers
and that it is also good performance for industries also the fall
of cane
it should be benefit for the producer and for the industry
So what the technician has to look for today
try to balance
the performance thundered micó that the producer has to receive
and also the industrial performance that the industry has to have
as for degree bris
i in tons per hectare